Hello everyone and welcome back.
In this section we'll be
going over the pros and
cons that you might experience or
at least that we thought about
when you run the Android operating
system on your DragonBoard 410c.
So one of the main pros that I
think at least personally for me,
that I relate with is that the Android
operating system is very familiar with me,
since I have it in my mobile device.
And additionally, I'm much more at least
confident in my Java, so if you have
the Android operating system, you only
need to technically need to know Java.
>> Also with the Android,
you will have a very access to a bunch of
different components, such as a camera,
the media manager,
all nicely packaged into your Android SDK.
So you really don't have to go out and
try and track down the specific libraries.
Or go through some poorly
documented API and stuff like that.
So Android really brings in
that extra what you call it?
Easiness.
Not necessarily easy, but
just, it's a lot-
>> Straightforwardness.
Exactly.
So that's why for Android it'd be
a lot easier to just dive right in.
>> Do note that there is a little bit
of loss of control and versatility.
And what we mean by this is that it's
only specific to the Android SDK and
so you're limited to In terms of what
kind of things you'd be programming with.
That's what we mean by the loss
of control and versatility.
>> Also, Android was built to be protected
against hacking and all that stuff.
So if you really want to have root
control over your Android device,
it's gonna take a lot of hacking
the operating system and stuff like that.
So generally right off the bat, you lose
a lot of control in that way as well.